Hello and welcome to this new step of the training and this one we're going to get the positive rewards
in the positive direction that is the reward obtained when we apply the perturbations in the positive
directions which are in total 16 positive directions.
But then remember We'll also have the perturbations in the opposite directions.
Therefore we'll have 16 more opposite directions to get the negative rewards.
And that's in order to run the 1 step of grading descent because indeed in order to do weight we're
going to apply the method of fitting differences to approximate the gradient of the war with respect
to the weight in order to obtain this weight in the direction that increases the words.
So for us we need to get the positive reward.
And then in the next code section will get the negative rewards in the negative or opposite directions.
So let's start with the positive rewards.
Basically that just consists of updating this list of positive rewards which were initialized in previous
tutorials and which I remind will contain the 16 accumulated rewards for each of the 16 positive directions
that were sampled in this previous code section actually right here when we used a simple delta method
from the policy class.
So since we're about to populate this positive words list with the 16 argumentative words obtain for
each of the 16 directions.
Well we have to do a for loop to iterate on each of these 16 directions.
Therefore I'm starting with a 4 here.
Then we can choose any loop variable name like K and for k in all the range of all directions which
we can get by taking our hyper parameter object and then it's and the directions variable.
Basically that means for each of the 16 different directions we will update our list of positive rewards.
And how are we going to update this list.
Well that's the purpose of doing a follow up here by obtaining each of its elements.
So that's why here I'm going to add some brackets and then put K here so that positive rewards of index
k is the reward that we'll get by playing the perturbation on the case positive direction and that's
where I can use the Explore function that we made in the previous code section actually right here which
will compute the accumulated reward on one full episode of 1000 actions or until the eye falls and for
each specific direction which will be the case direction here.
And so here in the export function we simply to put all the arguments expected by the export function
but Norreys I will update them the right way.
So let's see if it's the same environment here.
So that's all right.
Normalizer is the say normalizer here so no need to change anything.
Same for the policy we were exploring our policy the same policy that will input here as the arguments
of the train function and then Direction in Delta which will be according to you what.
Well that's when things will start to get all connected and make sense in your head.
Direction is going to be the positive direction.
But remember in the policy class when we evaluate our policy Well we said that if the direction is positive
then we will apply the perturbation in the positive direction by adding this plus here to add the perturbation.
So what we have to put here for direction is this positive string so that later on when we used Evaluate
function we can recognize that we are in the positive direction to add this positive perturbation.
All right so here instead of none we need to input positive because of course we are getting the rewards
after applying the perturbations in the positive direction.
And then for Delta What is it going to be.
Well of course remember that the delta here is a list of 16 elements each of the element being a matrix
of the perturbations in one specific direction.
And so here since we're looping over each of the 16 different directions and K basically represents
here the direction Well we're going to get the case elements of this delta here because this corresponds
to the perturbation applied in the case direction.
So I'm going to take this list deltas here of the perturbations and Basan here and of course the case
element of this list to get the case perturbation that is the perturbation of things in the case direction
and things to this string positive here for the direction.
Well the Explorer function will know at this specific step here when playing the action by calling the
Evaluate function that direction will be positive.
And therefore this Evaluate function will be in this specific condition.
Elif direction calls positive and therefore it knows that it will have to return this output which is
the output that we get by applying perturbation in positive direction.
That is by adding this plus H beat up noise times the perturbation Delta.
So everything makes sense everything is well connected so that we get Indeed the positive rewards that
is rewards obtained by playing the perturbations in the case positive direction.
Perfect.
And that's it.
That's all we have to do here for the positive reward.
Don't forget to get this case perturbation here or is put into the case direction among the 16 directions
we're testing.
And now we're going into exactly the same for the negative words.
We'll do that in the next tutorial to update this list of negative words and then we'll get all the
words to compute the standard deviation of the reward.
Then we'll sort them by the highest ones to get the best directions.
And finally we'll update our policy which is one step of great dissent.
Let's do this in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy AI.